Step 5: Replace Code in App.js

    Open the project:
        Open the scorecardApp folder using a code editor like Visual Studio Code or any editor of your choice.
        In the project, locate the App.js file. This file contains the default template for your app.

    Replace App.js content:
        Copy the entire code that you provided and paste it into App.js, replacing the default content.
        Your App.js file should now contain the code you provided (the scorecard app).

Step 6: Start the Expo Development Server

    Start the development server:
        Go back to Command Prompt in the scorecardApp folder (where App.js is located).
        Run the following command to start the Expo development server:

        expo start

    Expo development server:
        This will open a page in your browser that displays a QR code.
        The command prompt will also show a URL (e.g., http://localhost:19002/).

Step 7: Running the App on a Physical Device (with Expo Go)

    Install Expo Go on your phone:
        On your Android or iOS phone, go to the Google Play Store or Apple App Store and search for Expo Go.
        Install the Expo Go app.

    Scan the QR code:
        Open the Expo Go app on your phone.
        On your computer browser (the one that shows the QR code), scan the QR code using the camera in Expo Go.
        This will open your app on your physical device.

Step 8: (Optional) Run the App on an Emulator

If you want to run the app on an Android Emulator or iOS Simulator (on Windows, Android is the option), follow these steps:
Install Android Studio and Set Up an Emulator

    Download and install Android Studio:
        Go to the Android Studio download page and install Android Studio.

    Set up an Android Emulator:
        Launch Android Studio.
        In the welcome screen, choose "Configure" -> "AVD Manager" (Android Virtual Device).
        Create a new virtual device (e.g., Pixel 4) and follow the setup process.

    Run the app on the emulator:
        Once the emulator is running, go back to Command Prompt and run the following command to launch the app on the emulator:

        expo start --android

        This will open your app in the Android Emulator.

Step 9: Make Changes and Hot Reload

    Make changes: As you make changes to your code in App.js, the app will automatically hot reload on the device or emulator, so you can instantly see your changes without restarting the app.
